Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Good afternoon. It's July 22nd.
This is the news at noon.
First, we have a report
about a groom imposter...
... who appeared
at the chapel in Kichijoji...
... around 3:00 p. m. yesterday.
The unidentified imposter
disappeared from the chapel.
He has been missing ever since.
The real groom is also missing.
There is a possibility
that foul play may be involved...
... and the police have
begun an investigation.
Next on the news.
The other day...
... a bride came to Tom-Tom,
the panda at the Kitano Zoo.
He hasn't shown
any interest in the bride...
... but is instead interested in
a female polar bear in the next cage.
- What's wrong with everyone?!
- If this continues, people worry...
... his offspring
won't be black & white...
... but will instead
be a plain white bear.
The Zoo staff are discussing...
- Everyone makes fun of me!
-... what measures to take.
This Zoo had a similar
incident once before...
What?!
... when a penguin
was attracted to a swan...
Yes, you can choose your swimsuit.
But you should avoid...
...anything that isn't
appropriate for your age.
I'm glad! For this trip to Okinawa...
... I was worried that we could
only wear a school swimsuit.
Excuse us.
Let's go to Marui on the way home.
Shoot! What a shame!
Kadena-sensei
isn't going to Okinawa.
I want to see that
nice body in a swimsuit!
Yeah, yeah!
Oh, but Fuyutsuki-sensei is going!
Idiot! Why would I want
to see Fuyutsuki-sensei's body?
Well...
Her face is cute,
but with those small boobs...
...even if she wears a swimsuit,
she won't look sexy at all.
That's true. Her shape is
like a kid in elementary school.
Some of the girls in our class
have much bigger breasts.
She would look better
in the school swimsuit.
You're right!
Well, I can understand
the kids' focus on women's breasts.
A woman's appeal is not
based just on her breasts.
I don't want everything
to be determined by the breasts.
I'm going to Okinawa.
How can I be depressed?
All right. I'm going
to get a new swimsuit.
Good. I'm starting to feel better.
Well, which one should I take...?
Well, as an adult, and a teacher,
I can forgive the students.
I can't forgive this man!
What?!
Aren't you going, Kadena-sensei?
It won't be fun!
I've heard you'll be staying at
a posh hotel with an excellent clinic.
So whatever happens,
you don't have to worry.
I just feel bad that
I can't show off my swimsuit.
That's it! That's the point!
Everyone was looking forward to it.
Huh, are you interested in it, too?
Me in my swimsuit?
Of course.
Is it as great as I imagine?
Of course!
Wow! Just imagining it
gives me a nosebleed.
You're disgusting! Even though
I can't, Fuyutsuki-sensei's going.
Fuyutsuki?
Yeah, that's true. But...
Just between you and me,
Fuyutsuki's boobs are small.
So even if she wears a swimsuit,
she won't look like a real woman.
That's a terrible thing
to say about Fuyutsuki-sensei.
But a great swimsuit is
a result of the breasts.
If a body has big breasts
and a narrow waist...
... I'll get excited!
But if it's a straight line
from the top to bottom...
... it's like a burdock root.
STRAIGHT LIKE A BURDOCK ROOT
(FLAT-CHESTED)
Darn you! I'm sorry
that I'm a burdock root!
Just watch me!
Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old!
I'll show you how the burdock
root survives in this world!
And watch out, Okinawa!
With my new swimsuit...
...all of the men's eyes
will be glued on me!
I wonder if this is too flashy...
Look at that! That older woman
is trying to look young...
Quiet. She can hear you.
But she's choosing
a really flashy design...
...that won't fit
unless she has a nice body.
The sunflower
on the chest may wither...
If you're wearing one in Okinawa...
...it's better to choose one which
reflects the sunshine, because...
...the light gives you
a sense of proportion...
...and your body looks nicer.
Kadena-sensei...
What a coincidence!
Well, with which swimsuit
should I attack the summer...?
What about you?
Did you find anything good?
Well...
Nothing is quite right for me...
Really...?
There isn't a swimsuit that looks
good on a burdock root, is there?
Oh, you heard him...
That's all right.
Onizuka is the bad one...
You defended me...
He didn't say that
with any mean intent.
It was just a joke.
I hope Onizuka gets eaten
by a shark in Okinawa.
But because of him
everyone can go to Okinawa.
And you're staying at a luxurious
resort hotel on the beach...
...with a show of habu
and mongoose.
Habu is good, too.
I hope it bites him.
I thought Onizuka was great...
What?
To tell you the truth, I've heard that
the students initiated the incident.
This is a secret, you know.
But he didn't let on about any of it.
He is amazing.
He accepted all responsibility...
...and he made allies of the students
who were denouncing him.
I can't follow in his footsteps.
Whether being silent about
the incident is the right thing to do...
...is a different issue.
But I wonder what gives him
the ability to draw people to him.
It really is a mystery.
But he called me a burdock root!
I can't forgive him!
- Onizuka!
- Well, well, calm down.
For whatever reason, you can't
help thinking of Onizuka-sensei.
I see.
You like Onizuka-sensei, don't you?
No, no!
He's just my colleague.
When just a colleague speaks
about someone behind her back...
...she shouldn't get mad like you do.
I'm just...
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
What's wrong with a love affair
at the workplace?
There are some people hiding
their relationships at our school.
- But I'm saying...
- Here!
In this case, leave
choosing your swimsuit to me!
Here we go.
I'll pick a great one
dripping with femininity!
Femininity!
I can't wear something.!
You can't win like that!
Listen! Your swimsuit
is a battle uniform.
Battle uniform?
- I'm not going to Okinawa for war...
- No!
This is your war.
We have to pick your battle
uniform with lots of thought!
You must show your
feminine side once in a while.
Otherwise, you'll never attract him.
Feminine side?
Now...
I'll make you try on many of these.
Hold this and this...
But I am...
Never mind! Hey, Miss.!
- Well...
- We'd like to try some...
- Which one would you like to try?
- All of the ones she's holding now...
Come this way.
Feminine side...
BURDOCK ROOT FOR LIFE
What do you think?
One moment.
I'm going to imagine Okinawa.
Well... How is it?
I'll be blunt...
It's weak.
Weak?
You look like a pupil
on a school trip to the sea.
It's on the level of Katsuura beach.
Really? For me this is a much
more adventurous suit than usual.
Where?!
Look. Here the leg is cut a bit high.
You don't have something showy...
Something flashy...
Like an aphrodisiac to attract men...
Next! You bought
two more, didn't you?
Do you always buy
several suits like this?
This is the first time
I've bought three suits at once.
These are battle uniforms.
Based on the conditions,
you need to change them.
Conditions?
For example, if you take it off
right away in Onizuka's room...
...a bikini is better...
I won't take it off!
You won't?
Of course not!
If you're not serious about this,
you should say so!
There's no need to pick a swimsuit.
No, that isn't right. I mean...
You want to show your
feminine side, don't you?
Yes...
Then this is next!
This may be a bit too much...
I'm a teacher
supervising the students...
It isn't too much, it's too little.
Oh, no. I won't comment because
I don't want to hurt your feelings.
What's the matter, Fuyutsuki-sensei?
Nothing...
Cheer up! Let's try the last one!
I tried to be different
and went with a classical look...
... but this looks more like
a prisoner from the old days.
Sorry, sorry. I guess
I was thinking too much.
Fuyutsuki-sensei...?
Kadena-sensei, are you
enjoying making fun of me?
No, not at all! I'm thinking of you!
What should I do?
We're leaving tomorrow.!
I guess we have
to go with this swimsuit...
But if I look like
a pupil on a school trip...
I'm sorry. I knew it
when you tried it on at the store.
It's my fault that I didn't say anything
because I was trying to be polite.
I'll tell you bluntly.
It's your breasts!
You don't have enough
volume in your breasts.
Look. That is a one-piece.
Without breasts, it looks
straighter than other kinds.
Straighter...?!
I guess we need
to make your breasts.
We need to insert pads
in there to make some cleavage.
That's right!
In order to make a woman...
... it comes down to the breasts!
Breasts! Breasts!
What's the matter?!
Your words are
worse than Onizuka's...
... because they are so direct.
Cheer up!
You haven't lost the battle yet.
That's right! I have
something good, Fuyutsuki-sensei!
Tadaaaa! Here is
a woman's weapon, an air pad!
Air pad?
Yes! I just found it
and bought it today.
The breast pad has
an air induction system.
After you put it on,
you insert air with this.
Your breasts will be pushed up,
and you can control their size.
It's cheating, isn't it?
That's all right.
If you don't take them off,
no one will know about it.
I'm going to the store again
to get the ones suitable for you.
Yes, it's important
to make a decision!
But.!
Summer is a time
when a woman changes.
Or are you thinking about
when you'll take it off?
What?!
Oh, wait! Kadena-sensei!
All right.
This is a monster.
This much...? Oops, too small!
This is the same as mine.
These may be good.!
Yes. If I had breasts, I'm not bad...
Good! Good!
So this is what it's like
to have big breasts.
Wonderful! Wonderful!
I'm the best!
Balloons won't work...
What's this?! Looks like a loincloth.
And it's silver.
If she wears it, she'll get
arrested for public indecency.
This is too much.
There are strings at each side.
I can't believe it.
Kadena-sensei wears
this kind of swimsuit.
But... I wonder
if Onizuka likes this kind...
Fuyutsuki...
You are the type that looks thinner...
...than you are
when you wear clothes.
Is that right?
Cheers to you who looks
thinner in clothes!
Onizuka...
What am I imagining?
It makes me feel cheap!
If I'm like this, I won't be
qualified to guide my students!
Wait a minute.
If I imagined that...
...does it mean
I really like Onizuka...?
Never mind that, but I'm
going to borrow it for a minute...
Just for a moment...
Wow.!
I don't know why,
but this is really sexy.
This doesn't look like me!
I feel like an adult!
Surely I will be able to flaunt
my feminine side with this...
It's really good! Your swimsuit.
Really?
Yeah, you're the best.
Especially that hair...
FOR CERTAIN REASONS,
WE CANNOT SHOW THE IMAGE
All right.
Now it's perfect!
In order to make a woman,
it comes down to the breasts!
Breasts! Breasts!
I'm borrowing this, too!
Wow! What a great swimsuit!
There's cleavage!
Now I won't let anyone call me
a burdock or withered sunflower!
Here's an idea!
If I make my hair color lighter
to match the swimsuit...
I may even look cute!
I may look too polished!
It may be too light.
But I guess it's okay.
Wow! Sharon Stone!
It doesn't look like me!
What shall I do?!
I'm getting excited!
I've got an idea!
Should I bleach my hair more?
Oh, I have to put on eye shadow...
Wear eyelashes!
If I've gone this far, maybe
I should change my eyes to blue...
This is fun!
Oh, with this swimsuit,
I should tan my body.
I think I have a tanning machine
that I won at Bingo...
... when I went to the second party
for Yoshimi's wedding...
I'm going to do it! I will!
I've found one!
I've found the swimsuit
which is best for Fuyutsuki-sensei!
Here it is!
Who are you?!
You're kidding me!
Are you Fuyutsuki-sensei?!
What shall I do?!
I can't go on a school trip
like this! Not with this style!
Wait! Calm down.
All right, Fuyutsuki-sensei?
What happened?
How did this happen? Talk to me.
I did too much!
Too much! Too much!
When I realized I look like this!
Don't cry with those eyes
like a Hollywood actress!
It's scary!
Anyway, we still
have time until morning.
So cheer up! All right?
I tanned my skin! It's so dark! Dark!
That's all right! Calm down.
Oh, I have a good idea.
What...?
Fuyutsuki-sensei is late...
The meeting time
passed a long time ago.
This is why young people
these days are...
Hello! Good morning!
What?
Fuyutsuki-sensei hasn't come yet?
No...
Women have to do a lot of things.
Before going out...
...they have to choose
clothes, make-up, and so forth...
Idiot!
She's a teacher.
What is she going to do
in such an unstable frame of mind?
I've brought Fuyutsuki-sensei!
Oh, here she comes!
- Hey, Fuyutsuki-chan! Here! Here.!
- Fuyutsuki-sensei, we were worried...
Why don't you get on your bus...?
Anything wrong...?
Onizuka...
What is it?!
Oh, (Beep) Suzuki!
It's like I thought...
Like I thought.! Like I thought.!
I'm not going!
I'm definitely not going!
That's all right...
That's all right!
I'm not going!
Where is our future going?
Maybe it knows of this aimless journey
And simply flew away
If you can stop our gloomy days
I will listen to all you say
However much we have,
There is always something lacking
The wind will always blow
And carry the scent away
I am searching for our future now
Don't laugh because
It may really go away
Remember these
Strained words I say
The night is almost over,
So let's run through this moment
All we have is this precious moment
Before the endless night begins
Embrace this precious night
NEXT EPISODE
"A Boy Riding on a Dolphin"
by Michiru Jo!
He must be stupid!
He is old enough to know better!
Under these circumstances,
how can I enjoy my time?
For example...
why don't you hang yourself...?
I'll make sure they have
a memorable time.
SEE YA NEXT TIME